Go ahead and run your script: './vars.sh'
"Darth Vader follows the dark side." So your variable--I'm going to cat this file--
Your variable was set to dark, and when you use this dollar sign syntax, it basically put down your
value there instead of the variable name.
So when you're doing this, this is called parameter expansion
[nerdy music] "Parameter expansion!"
You can experiment a bit with this on the command line here.
So let's make a new variable 'sneaking_suit="sold snake"'.
So now if you're going to use spaces in your variable names, you have to put double quotes around them.
Otherwise it won't work.
Now, if I echo.
my variable name...
"Solid snake is in the sneaking suit." So if you happen to leave off the dollar sign, it's just going
to say "sneaking_suit" because it doesn't know you're not telling it that this is a name of a variable.
So in the next lecture, I'm going to teach you how to list out the actual variable name, which can
be kind of useful.